Setting your cookie preference

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of Honeywell's sites or other websites that you visit.

Our use of web analytics

Honeywell uses industry standard web analytics to track visits to our sites. These analytics are provided by Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google and Adobe on servers in the United States. Google and Adobe will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google and Adobe may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s or Adobe’s behalf. Google and Adobe will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google and Adobe.

You may opt out of web analytics by installing these tools on your computer.

Google Analytics Opt Out Link
Adobe Analytics Opt Out Link

Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms

Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the sites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. There currently is disagreement, including among participants in the leading internet standards-setting organization, concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals.

Honeywell currently does not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, Honeywell will reassess how to respond to these signals.


Disclosure of your personal information

Except as described below, personal information that we collect about you through our sites or that you provide to us when you contact us will not be shared outside of Honeywell without your permission.

Disclosure to service providers. Honeywell contracts with other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, sending out information, conducting surveys, processing transactions, analyzing our sites and performing business and other analyses to improve the quality of our business, our sites and Honeywell products or services. We provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to deliver those services effectively. These companies and their employees are prohibited from using personal information they receive from Honeywell for any other purpose.

Disclosure to distributors. In responding to a request made by you, we may share your personal information with companies that distribute our products. In those cases, we provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to respond to your request, and these companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose. In some cases, we may seek your permission to share your information with distributors for marketing purposes other than responding to a request from you. However, we will not share your information for such marketing purposes unless we have obtained your express consent to do so.

Disclosure in connection with transactions. In connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in fulfillment of the transaction.

Disclosures in connection with acquisitions or divestitures. Circumstances may arise where for strategic or other business reasons Honeywell decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of personal information sellers. We may disclose information we maintain about you to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of Honeywell's assets. It is Honeywell's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.

Disclosure for other reasons. We may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual.


Security

Honeywell is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in facilities to which access is limited. For sites to which you log in, it is your responsibility to ensure the security of your password and not to reveal this information to others. When you move around a site to which you have logged in, or from one site to another that uses the same login mechanism, we verify your identity by means of an encrypted cookie placed on your machine.


Reviewing your personal information

In some cases, you can review and correct personal information provided through our sites by going to the page on which you provided the information. In all cases, you can make a request to review and correct your personal information that is collected via our sites or that you provide when you contact us or ask Honeywell to stop using it by contacting us using the contact information listed below. We may take steps to verify your identity before providing you access to your personal information. You can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number or e-mail address.


Consent to international transfers of personal information

The personal information we collect on our sites or that you provide to us when you contact us may be sent to the United States or to any other country in which Honeywell or its agents or suppliers maintain facilities. We may also store and process the information there. Although the laws that protect personal information in those countries may differ from the laws where you live, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our websites or contacting us and giving your information to us, you consent to the transfer of the data outside of your country.


Children's information

Honeywell does not knowingly collect information from children and does not target or direct its sites to children.


Links to other sites

Our sites may contain links to other websites such as Honeywell distributors and sales affiliates, professional and government organizations and publications. We also link to third-party providers that host, maintain and operate on-line training curricula. Although we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites.


Enforcement of this privacy statement/Contact Us

If you have questions regarding this statement or our handling of your personal information, please contact us using the contact information listed below. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution.

Email:
HoneywellPrivacy@honeywell.com

Mailing Address:

Honeywell Privacy
4D5
115 Tabor Road
Morris Plains, NJ 07950


Changes to this privacy statement

Honeywell may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top and bottom of the privacy statement. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use and/or share personal information that we collect about you through the sites, we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the sites.