Introduction

Honeywell International Inc., including its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates, (collectively "Honeywell") is committed to protecting your privacy. This statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit our websites or use an online application that contains a link to this statement (collectively, the "sites"). This statement also covers information we receive when you contact us (e.g., to submit a comment or query or to seek support with one of our products or services). It describes the personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use such information and your choices regarding our use of it. The steps we take to protect your personal information and how you can review and correct your personal information are also covered here. By accessing our sites or providing us your information when you contact us, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.

For purposes of this statement, "personal information" means information that identifies a particular individual, such as name, postal address, email address or phone number. When other information, such as email newsletter choices, product purchases or consumer product preferences, is associated with personal information, this other information also becomes personal information.


Our collection of information

Information collected directly from you. Generally, you can visit Honeywell's sites without entering any personal information. On certain pages, we may ask you for personal information to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. You may also provide some personal information to us when you contact us (e.g., with a comment, inquiry or customer support request). The personal information we collect or receive may include:

contact details, such as your name, title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and physical address;
information about your company and job function;
your e-mail marketing preferences;
financial information (including credit card or account information);
information, such as your nationality and country of residence, that allows us to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about certain technologies;
information used to customize and facilitate your use of our sites, including login and technical information;
inquiries about and orders for our products and services;
information that assists us in identifying the products and services that best meet your requirements;
event registration information; and
feedback from you about our sites and our products and services generally.
You are not required to provide any of this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.

Information collected automatically. We collect information about your visit to our sites, including what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access and other actions taken within Honeywell's sites. We may combine this information with your personal information to and use the combined information in accordance with this privacy statement. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language, your operating system, the date and time you access the site and the website from which you linked to one of our sites. We do not combine this standard information with other personal information.


Our use of information

Services and transactions. We use your personal information to deliver services or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on Honeywell products or services, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our sites. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with Honeywell - including, but not limited to, learning about you and how you interact with and use Honeywell products and services; developing and managing our products, services and customer care; and providing you with information about Honeywell products and services that you may be interested in -- information collected by our sites may be combined with information we collect or acquire through other means.

Website and product improvement. We may use your personal information to perform business analyses or for other purposes to improve the quality of our business, our sites and Honeywell products or services (including new products or services), or to make our sites easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing our sites to your particular preference or interests.

Communications. We may use your personal information to inform you of products or services available from Honeywell in which you may be interested and to send you surveys regarding your use of Honeywell products and services. You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by contacting us using the contact information listed in this privacy statement.  Moreover, each promotional e-mail communication we send includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication. If you elect to unsubscribe, we will remove you from the relevant list within 10 business days.

Employment Applications. In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information throughout Honeywell for the purpose of employment consideration. If your application or inquiry is unsuccessful, we will keep the information for future consideration for a limited period of time, unless you direct us not to do so.

In addition to the uses listed above, we may use the information we have collected in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms & Conditions, violations of law or another misuse of the sites.


Our use of cookies and web beacons

Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your hard disk or to your browser's memory when you visit one of Honeywell's sites. Cookies are useful because they help arrange the content and layout of our sites and allow us to recognize those computers or other devices that have been to our sites before. Cookies do many different jobs, such as allowing our websites to remember your preference settings and helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our sites and your experience using them.

Our sites also may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that allow us to count the number of users who have visited specific pages. We may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.

Cookie categories

The type of cookie that may be used on Honeywell's sites can be put into 1 of 4 categories: Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality & Profile and Advertising.

1. Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around our sites and use their features, particularly in connection with information searches and order placement. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet. An example of a strictly necessary cookie is a "shopping basket cookie," which is used to remember the products that you wish to purchase when you add products to your shopping basket or proceed to checkout.

2. Performance Cookies

These cookies collect information about how you use our sites, for example which pages you go to most often and if you get any error messages from certain pages. These cookies collect only anonymous information that is used to improve how our sites work.

These cookies are not used to target you with online advertising. Without these cookies we cannot learn how our sites are performing and make relevant improvements that could better your browsing experience. Examples of performance cookies that our sites use include Google and Adobe Analytics (see further discussion below).

3. Functionality & Profile Cookies

These cookies allow our sites to store information that you provide such as your site language preferences and to store technical information useful for your interactions with our sites. For instance, they remember your user ID and elements of your user profile. They also ensure that your experience using the sites and Honeywell's marketing efforts are relevant to you. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.

Without these cookies, a website cannot remember choices you have previously made or personalize your browsing experience. For example, we use a cookie to store your language preferences, which allows us to present you with product search results in the correct language, and we use a cookie to store your choice about the appearance of the cookie information banner that we display on our sites. This cookie will help us remember your choice about the appearance of the cookie information banner when you subsequently visit the same site where you made your choice about the banner and any other Honeywell sites with the same domain or the same top level domain.

4. Advertising Cookies

These cookies may be used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the times you see an advertisement as well as help to measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. Although these cookies may track your visits to other websites, they do not usually know who you are.

Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests. 